[Autogenerated] as I explained to the module covering RDS and
dynamodb databases are extremely important to web applications but
databases don't work for all use cases.
There are times when applications need the kind of big data storage of
databases but need much faster retrieval for this purpose.
In memory cache data stores were created.
These are used widely throughout the industry with the most
popular solutions being readiness and meme cache D,
both of which are offered by elastic cache extremely
similar to RDS and instrumentation.
Alaska cache provides managed in memory cache services to use with
your applications in AWS the maintenance upgrades,
backups and read replicas are taken care of by the Alaska cache service.
In addition the scaling up and down of a cache cluster by adding nodes is
made simple by Alaska cache All of the benefits of RDS are found with
elastic cache just with a different product that is being provided the main
structure in Alaska caches the cluster a cluster is a collection of nodes
running a single cache instance.
Both caching engines operate slightly different in
regards to their scaling organization.
Mm cache D clusters comprise of 1 to 20 nodes,
nodes are basically individual ec two instances running the caching
software with Red is a cluster comprises of one single node and there are
up to six read replicas that can also be added to create a replica group
when choosing between red disarm em cache D.
There's honestly not much of a decision to make,
you should almost always choose readiness.
While meme cache he does have better memory management with small datasets
Reddit's provides more features and works better at scale.
The industry has almost unanimously adopted Read US at
this point as the caching solution, and it works with nearly all use cases.
In this module, we're going to use a Reddish cache cluster to store our user session data.